basic docs for nested column query functions (#12922)
apache/druid: docs/querying/sql-functions.md

Converts `address` into an IPv4 address in dot-decimal notation.

## JSON_KEYS

**Function type:** [JSON](sql-json-functions.md)

`JSON_KEYS(expr, path)`

Returns an array of field names from `expr` at the specified `path`.

## JSON_OBJECT

**Function type:** [JSON](sql-json-functions.md)

`JSON_OBJECT(KEY expr1 VALUE expr2[, KEY expr3 VALUE expr4, ...])`

> Constructs a new `COMPLEX<json>` object. The `KEY` expressions must evaluate to string types. The `VALUE` expressions can be composed of any input type, including other `COMPLEX<json>` values. `JSON_OBJECT` can accept alternating key-value pairs separated by colons. The following syntax is equivalent: `JSON_OBJECT(expr1:expr2[, expr3:expr4, ...])`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Constructs a new `COMPLEX<json>` object. The `KEY` expressions must evaluate to string types. The `VALUE` expressions can be composed of any input type, including other `COMPLEX<json>` values. `JSON_OBJECT` can accept colon-separated key-value pairs. The following syntax is equivalent: `JSON_OBJECT(expr1:expr2[, expr3:expr4, ...])`.
```
Technically the key-value pairs are separated by commas but it might be too wordy to say "colon-separated" then "separated by commas"

## JSON_PATHS

**Function type:** [JSON](sql-json-functions.md)

`JSON_PATHS(expr)`

Returns an array of all paths which refer to literal values in a `COMPLEX<json>` typed `expr`, in JSONPath format.

## JSON_QUERY

**Function type:** [JSON](sql-json-functions.md)

`JSON_QUERY(expr, path)`

> Extracts a `COMPLEX<json>` value from a `COMPLEX<json>` typed `expr`, at the specified `path`.

Author: i replace all fragments of the form 
> from a `COMPLEX<json>` typed `expr`
with
> `from `expr`
since the former was no longer actually even accurate
